# answers
I created new branch as merve at git hub. 
    $git checkout -b branch name$

Use $git clone$
    ssh code at my terminal and $git pull$ 

After I finish the code I created,
I used in order; 
    $git add .$
    $git commit -m "........."$
    $git push --set-upstream origin merve$

We need use;
    $git push --set-upstream origin merve$ for the first time. 
If you want to push again later, just $git push$ will suffice.


QUESTION - 1 
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiple of 3 or 5, we get 3,5,6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. 
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000. 

QUESTION - 2 
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 
    1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89, ...
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms. 

QUESTION - 3
The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ? 

QUESTION - 4
A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 x 99.
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.

QUESTION - 5
The sum of squares of the first ten natural numbers is,
1^2 + 2^2 + ... + 10^2 =385
The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,
(1+2+...+10)^2 = 55^2 = 3025
Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 
3025 - 385 = 2640.
Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundres natural numbers and the square of the sum. 

QUESTION - 6
2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any reminder.
What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?